Allocation Profiler Opt In --> Opt Out (#12911)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/profiler/enabling/java.md

## Enabling the allocation profiler

> In dd-java-agent v0.84.0+ and Java 15 and lower, the allocation profiler is opt-out by default because it can use excessive CPU in allocation-heavy applications. This isn't common, so you may want to try it in a staging environment to see if it affects your application. To enable it, see [Enabling the allocation profiler][8].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In dd-java-agent v0.84.0+ and Java 15 and lower, the allocation profiler is turned off by default because it can use excessive CPU in allocation-heavy applications. This isn't common, so you may want to try it in a staging environment to see if it affects your application. To enable it, see [Enabling the allocation profiler][8].
```
